which ideology should drive India further?

I agree at some points with speaker 1 views. 

	So, I start with "Inquilab Zindabad"!

	Bhagat Singh, Mahatma, are all great men and we should respect them and learn from them but We can do that without being ignorant of Bapu.

	I am not saying that Gandhiji was completely wrong. He was the one who leaded Congress after bal gangadhar tilak but coming to Bhagat.


	It was Bhagat singh who put forward the demand of complete independence. Earlier Congress were demanding for dominion status. If India had got dominion status then we would need to work under the queen of england.

	As per today's topic ideology for india futher, and as per current scenario, everyone want freedom.

	Freedom was not about the removal of the British. That was the easiest part. Freedom was about fighting with our own inner slavery mindset.


	Why is Bhagat Singh important?
	Bhagat Singh was involved in two high-profile plots against British authorities in India that helped galvanize the Indian independence movement.


	Why is Bhagat Singh remembered even today?
	Answer: Because he is also a great thinker and believed in collective ownership of the means of production. He is remembered for his revolutionary ideas.


	Bhagat Singh's was a more enthusiastic, go-it-alone style. Leadership by example, self-sacrifice, with a pro-active plan.


	So, from my pt. of view, Every Indian Youth should inspire from bhagat singh style like energetic, ambitious, go-it-alone and achieve their goal. 





	Conclution:

	Bhagat Singh was driven by pure love for the country, Gandhiji’s action were politically motivated.

	Bhagat Singh was a freedom fighter who sacrificed his life in the battle for independence of India from British rule. He inspired Indians with his grit and courage. He dedicated his life to the independence of India from the clutches of Britishers at a very young age.


	I would like to concluted my views with his Slogan,
	"They may kill me, but they cannot kill my ideas. They can crush my body, but they will not be able to crush my spirit."

	Inquilab Zindabad
