Is Cricket hampering the growth of other sports in India ?


I disagree with sindhuja's Opinion. why that I will cover in my Opinions  


So, todays topic is bitter but absolutely true that cricket blotting many others sports in India. that I will proof in next minutes.

As we all know,

Cricket is a sport we learnt from British, and same like the English language it’s becoming more popular day by day. Actually the problem is we have shown more interest in western item than the locals.


Hockey is national game of India, but it is a shame that we are not giving due recognition to our national game. Theoretically we all know that hockey is our national game but in practical vision its cricket maniac all over. Cricket is not our national game, but it is celebrated as a festival. 

The sports page of newspaper mostly publishes news about cricket or give more importance to it but even if some player wins a championship in any other sports there is no proper article praising it.


In next few minutes let's look at some numbers and reflect on where we stand as a nation on sports vs cricket.

Did you know that in indian olympics each one of them got a monthly allowance of 50,000 rs. since march 2021 to prepare for tokyo.

Did you know that in january 2021 the indian cricket team got 5cr. rs. bonus and that's only the bonus for winning the border gowasker trophy.


There was no sponsorship for the india hockey team in 2018 and which is our national our game (theoratically).


When Gopi Chand won the all-England badminton championship in Britain no one cheered or cared because in the same week Harbajan Singh took a hat-trick and V. V. S. Laxman scored 281 in the Kolkata Test against Australia.



Conslusion:
Now I want to rest my case and as a conslusion. I want to say that

The first reason for this is because sports won’t bring financial stability. And for second: “sabse bada rog, kya kahenge log!” this says that "We will take decision on basis of, what people will think".
let alone family, even neighbors youngsters persuading sports as a career. And the most annoying one is always Sharmaji/Vermaji ka beta!

People of India treat cricket as their fifth Veda or fourth Religion after Hinduism, Islam & Christianity. Cricket is not our national game, but it is celebrated as a festival.

At last I just want to say
Cricket has been used as a bridge between two nations, as seen in the recent India-Pakistan series. The stunning live coverage of cricket is also a reason for the demise of other sports.
